zite.mdx, before:

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Welcome to Zite, the easiest way to turn your data into business software. Build custom tools, dashboards, and workflows by chatting. No code needed. Designed to work seamlessly with platforms like Google Sheets, Airtable, Fillout, and Slack, Zite connects to the tools your team already uses."
---
### Watch the basics of Zite in a 2 minute video

<iframe
  className="w-full aspect-video rounded-xl"
  src="https://customer-ji44lgw1t2h34eig.cloudflarestream.com/7d6d0ede5ce4c9edb7ff5d55e195b962/iframe?poster=https%3A%2F%2Fcustomer-ji44lgw1t2h34eig.cloudflarestream.com%2F7d6d0ede5ce4c9edb7ff5d55e195b962%2Fthumbnails%2Fthumbnail.jpg%3Ftime%3D%26height%3D600"
  title="YouTube video player"
  frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
></iframe>

### What kind of apps can I build?

You can build all kinds of apps that connect to your data. 

Common examples include:

1. CRM app connected to Airbase for data storage
2. Client Portal connected to Google Sheets for data storage
3. Employee Intranet connected to Slack which notifies you when someone updates the intranet
4. A website with a Fillout form embedded that will notify you when someone complets the form

### Guides

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Quickstart" icon="file-lines" iconType="regular" color="#FFC738" href="/zite-getting-started">
    The basics of Zite, in a 2 minute video.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Add user login to your app" icon="envelope-dot" iconType="regular" color="#FFC738" href="/Add-user-login">
    Add User Login to your apps in seconds.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Why Zite

**Built by Chat**

Type what you want and Zite builds your app.

**Connects with your tools**

Works seamlessly with Google Sheets, Airtable, Fillout, Slack, and more.

**Launch Fast**

Build and share your app in minutes.

Commit message:

Added more detail to Overview, Quickstart and User Authentication pages 2

zite.mdx, after:

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Welcome to Zite, the easiest way to turn your data into business software. Build custom tools, dashboards, and workflows by chatting. No code needed. Designed to work seamlessly with platforms like Google Sheets, Airtable, Fillout, and Slack, Zite connects to the tools your team already uses."
---
### Watch the basics of Zite in a 2 minute video

<iframe
  className="w-full aspect-video rounded-xl"
  src="https://customer-ji44lgw1t2h34eig.cloudflarestream.com/7d6d0ede5ce4c9edb7ff5d55e195b962/iframe?poster=https%3A%2F%2Fcustomer-ji44lgw1t2h34eig.cloudflarestream.com%2F7d6d0ede5ce4c9edb7ff5d55e195b962%2Fthumbnails%2Fthumbnail.jpg%3Ftime%3D%26height%3D600"
  title="YouTube video player"
  frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
></iframe>

### What kind of apps can I build?

You can build all kinds of apps that connect to your data. 

Common examples include:

1. CRM app connected to Airbase for data storage

Build a simple CRM to manage leads, contacts, and deals.
All data is stored in Airbase, giving you a structured, scalable backend without manual setup.
Easily search, filter, and update customer info, ideal for teams needing a fast, no-code CRM.

2. Client Portal connected to Google Sheets for data storage

Create a branded portal where clients can log in to view updates, reports, or deliverables.
Connect it to Google Sheets so updates sync automatically—just update the sheet, and the portal reflects changes.
Perfect for freelancers or agencies who already manage client work in Sheets.

3. Employee Intranet connected to Slack which notifies you when someone updates the intranet

Build an internal hub for sharing resources, announcements, and onboarding docs.
Link it with Slack to get instant alerts when pages are updated—keeping your team informed without extra overhead.
Ideal for remote or growing teams.

4. A website with a Fillout form embedded that will notify you when someone complets the form

Launch a simple website or landing page and embed a Fillout form to collect leads or feedback.
Get notified instantly when someone submits the form—via email, Slack, or integrations.
Great for lead capture, job applications, or event signups.

### Guides

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Quickstart" icon="file-lines" iconType="regular" color="#FFC738" href="/zite-getting-started">
    The basics of Zite, in a 2 minute video.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Add user login to your app" icon="envelope-dot" iconType="regular" color="#FFC738" href="/Add-user-login">
    Add User Login to your apps in seconds.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Why Zite

**Built by Chat**

Type what you want and Zite builds your app. No coding just natural language.

For example, say “I need a CRM with a contact form and a deal tracker,” and Zite will build it instantly.

**Connects with your tools**

Zite integrates with the tools you already use, like Google Sheets, Airtable, Fillout, Slack, and more.
You can pull in live data, send alerts, and trigger automations—all without extra setup.
Stay in your workflow while giving your app superpowers.

**Launch Fast**

Go from idea to live app in minutes.
Zite handles the design, structure, and backend so you can focus on what matters—sharing your app with your team, clients, or users.

Get started today at zite.com
